README.md, before:

PSL Experimental
===

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linqs/psl-experimental.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linqs/psl-experimental)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-brightgreen.svg)](https://linqs-data.soe.ucsc.edu/psl-docs/docs/psl-experimental/master-head/index.html)

This repository contains experimental extensions of PSL.

The following modules are provided by psl-experimental:
 - psl-datasplitter
 - psl-mosek
 - psl-optimize

Note: psl-ltn depends on an outdated version of PSL. To build this module, you need to build version 2.0.0 of PSL, version 1.0.0 of psl-utils, and version 1.0.0 of psl-experimental.

Additional Resources
====================
- [PSL Homepage](http://psl.linqs.org)
- [PSL Examples](https://github.com/linqs/psl-examples)
- [API Reference](https://linqs-data.soe.ucsc.edu/psl-docs/)
- [PSL Source Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl)
- [PSL Development Repository](https://github.com/eriq-augustine/psl)
- [PSL Utils Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl-utils)
- [PSL Experimental Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl-experimental)
- [User Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/psl-users)

Commit message:

Updates README to reflect that LTN is included in PSL version 2.0.0

README.md, after:

PSL Experimental
===

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/linqs/psl-experimental.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/linqs/psl-experimental)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-brightgreen.svg)](https://linqs-data.soe.ucsc.edu/psl-docs/docs/psl-experimental/master-head/index.html)

This repository contains experimental extensions of PSL.

The following modules are provided by psl-experimental:
 - psl-datasplitter
 - psl-mosek
 - psl-optimize

Note: psl-ltn depends on an outdated version of PSL. Also note that support for LTN is included in PSL version 2.0.0. To build this module in psl-experimental, you need to build version 2.0.0 of PSL, version 1.0.0 of psl-utils, and version 1.0.0 of psl-experimental.

Additional Resources
====================
- [PSL Homepage](http://psl.linqs.org)
- [PSL Examples](https://github.com/linqs/psl-examples)
- [API Reference](https://linqs-data.soe.ucsc.edu/psl-docs/)
- [PSL Source Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl)
- [PSL Development Repository](https://github.com/eriq-augustine/psl)
- [PSL Utils Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl-utils)
- [PSL Experimental Repository](https://github.com/linqs/psl-experimental)
- [User Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/psl-users)
